buzzphrase: add page (#3415)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/buzzphrase.md

# buzzphrase

> > Node command line tool to output a random buzzphrase.

Reviewer: Teensy nit-pick:
```suggestion
> Node.js command line tool to output a random buzzphrase.
```

Author: @sbrl 
Good tip, thank you :)

> More information: <https://github.com/atomantic/buzzphrase>.

> - Generate a string of three random adjective, past-tense verb and plural noun:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Generate a string of three random adjectives, past-tense verbs and plural nouns:
```

Author: Thanks. I reread the sentence and thought it would be better to write like this:

`Generate a string of three random phrases containing an adjective, a past tense verb and a plural noun:`

Reviewer: Sounds good! Let's do that then.

Author: Ok. I'll know :)

`buzzphrase`

> - Output a phrase formatted as Imperative verb + Past tense verb + Adjective + Plural noun:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Output a phrase formatted as [i]mperative verb + past tense [v]erb + [a]djective + plural [N]oun:
```

Author: That is a good point. Fixed it.

`buzzphrase {{'{i} {v} {a} {N}'}}`

> - Output 4 phrases formatted as Present participle verb + Adjective + Singular noun + Final:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Output 4 phrases formatted as present participle [V]erb + [a]djective + singular [n]oun + [f]inal:
```

Author: @mebeim 
Amended commit with your corrections
